Add all the working infrastructure and values from. @https://github.com/Mattjhagen/P3-Lending.git making this a fully functional peer to peer bitcoin lending platform with free open source KYC integration. The reputation system will act like a credit scoring system. When users onboard they will be granted secured micro-loans until they have a score that meets the requirements to lend unsecured. Incentivising users for lending and borrowing with a positive review from the other client and positive payback history will increase the score and negative feedback, arbitration, and disputes may lead to a negative score. AI insights will act as a risk analysis for lenders and borrowers by tracking the blockchain and current financial, political, social, etc news. The platform will act as an escrow. Create smart contracts that will track whether the terms the lender sets are met by the borrower. Deploy this as a web3 platform deployed on cloudflare. Interest will be paid by the borrower and fees to the platform will act as (1. an insurance pool to use to settle arbitration and 2, investing back into the platform to pay back the developers who built this platform, advertising fees, cloud fees, etc.) This will be an open source community with full transparency where both buyer, lender, and speculator will be able to see their funds, progress with smart contracts, and full transparency as to where the funds are at all times. Also create a portal for the developers to implement changes, settle arbitration and withdraw platform fees and interest to fiat or bitcoin at will. Include stripe integration, Plaid integration, and 0Auth for securing accounts. Make an onboarding tutorial for lenders and investors. Keep the platform very attractive taking design aesthetics from Robinhood. The P will be uppercase and 3 will be subscript. The meaning of this logo is peer to peer = 2 and the extra 1 in p3 is our emphasis on helping those in need through offering credit, donations and philanthropy.

